[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: What $.proxy does is it
takes a function and makes sure it returns
a new function that this will be called
with any particular context you pass it.
So let's say here I have a dog
object with a speak function.
>> Justin Meyer: Now I can
create a speakProxy function.
By the way, if you're familiar
with function's bind method,
this is pretty much does
the exact same thing.
I can make a speakProxy,
so this returns a function
that I can call that function directly.
Or, I can pass it to a setTimeout or
do whatever with it.
And it will always,
when this function is called,
it will always call
dog.speak with this as dog.
This is the this you want and
this is the function.
>> Justin Meyer: So
if I did something like that, right,
if I ran this in the console and
hit Enter,
the timeout eventually it would say
fido says woof, just like we want it to.
All right, the reason, I'll kind of
go into this since it's kind of not
why you just can't pass dog.speak here.
I'll explain that real quick
before we start the exercise.
I'll actually explain that right
now cuz I think it will be helpful.
So, let me copy that code.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay, so here's my dog.
>> Justin Meyer: So
if I did something like this,
speak equals dog.speak and call speak,
>> Justin Meyer: With something.
>> Justin Meyer: What's gonna happen here?
>> Justin Meyer: See if you guys
remember the rules for the dot, or for
how this works.
>> Speaker 2: It's
a undefined says something.
>> Justin Meyer: Undefined says something,
exactly right.
And that's because we're
calling a function.
If you see a function called just with
the call operator there's no dot.
If I didn't do dog dot,
I didn't do something dot speak.
What's gonna happen
inside this function is
this is always gonna be the window.
So what $.proxy does it makes it so
I can I can go $.proxy speak dog.
Actually, this is not the best example,
I'm just gonna say says hi.
Get rid of the words.
I can say, and then I can just call
speak and $.proxy will make it so
when I do this it's
gonna say Fido says hi.
>> Justin Meyer: All right, because
$.proxy will make sure that when this
function that is returned is called,
even though it's called like this,
no matter how it's called It's still
gonna have this as what you expect it to.
>> Justin Meyer: Now a lot of
times people get confused.
They would think that,
why can't setTimeout do something similar?
If I did a setTimeout and
did dog.speak and
a second, why doesn't that work?
The reason is is because,
let's say I implemented setTimeout myself.
And put in a, it would take a callback,
and it takes some time.
And let's say I had some access
to some system timer and
I could do set wait, somehow,
>> Justin Meyer: Time.
So this would pause the thread for
a certain number of seconds.
This isn't even how threading works in
JavaScript but let's just say it did.
And if I just called callback,
well it would just be calling dog.speak
like with the normal call operator.
So even though we passed dog.speak we're
still passing a reference to a function.
So when that function is called, because
it's called without the dot operator,
it would be undefined says hi.
>> Justin Meyer: Hopefully
that makes sense.
So what we're gonna try to
do is to create a proxy,
a $.proxy, is what you guys
are going to try to create.
That, or I guess it's up here.
>> Justin Meyer: And I'll give you a hint
about it, it's gonna return a function.
>> Justin Meyer: It's gonna return
a function that's going to call this
function so that this is the context.
>> Justin Meyer: So
that's all the clue I'm gonna give you.
Let's struggle for
another seven minutes and I will,
if people have questions or
need help, I'm here, so is Alexis.
Let me put this up.
>> Justin Meyer: So this is what
we're gonna try to do, is $.proxy.